=head1 NAME

Business::Shipping - Shipping cost calculator for UPS and USPS

=head1 INSTALLATION

See INSTALL file for more details.

 perl Makefile.PL
 make
 make test
 make install

=head1 REQUIRED MODULES


Bundle::DBD::CSV (any)
Cache::FileCache (any)
Class::MethodMaker::Engine (any)
Clone (any)
Config::IniFiles (any)
Crypt::SSLeay (any)
Getopt::Mixed (any)
Log::Log4perl (any)
LWP::UserAgent (any)
Math::BaseCnv (any)
Scalar::Util (1.10)
XML::DOM (any)
XML::Simple (2.05)

=head1 GETTING STARTED

Be careful to read, understand, and comply with the terms of use for the 
provider that you will use.

=head2 For United States Postal Service (USPS): Free signup

=over 4

=item * L<http://www.uspswebtools.com/registration/>

=item * (More info at L<http://www.uspswebtools.com>)

=item * The online signup will result in a testing-only account (only a small
        sample of queries will work).  

=item * To activate the "production" use of your USPS account, you must follow 
        the USPS documentation.  Currently, that means contacting the Internet 
        Customer Care Center by e-mail (C<icustomercare@usps.com>) or phone:
        1-800-344-7779.

=back

=head2 For United Postal Service (UPS): Free signup

=over 4

=item * https://www.ups.com/servlet/registration?loc=en_US_EC

=item * (More info at http://www.ec.ups.com)

=item * Once you get a User Id and Password from UPS, you will need to login and
        select "Get Access Key", then "Get XML Access Key".

=item * Legal Terms and Conditions: 
        L<http://www.ups.com/content/us/en/resources/service/terms/index.html>

=back

=head1 Uses of this software

It is appreciated when users mention their use of Business::Shipping to the 
author and/or on their website or in their application.

=over 4

=item * (See Shipping.pm POD documentation for API and usage examples.)

=item * Business::Shipping can be used with the Interchange e-commerce system 
   ( L<http://www.icdevgroup.org> ).  See C<UserTag/business-shipping.tag>.

=item * Business::Shipping is used in the paymentonline.com mod_perl/template 
    toolkit system.

=item * The "Shopping Cart" Wobject for the WebGUI project, by Andy Grundman 
    <andy@kahncentral.net>.
    L<http://www.plainblack.com/wobjects?wid=1143&func=viewSubmission&sid=654>
    L<http://www.plainblack.com/uploads/1143/654/webgui-shopping-cart-1.0.tar.gz>

=item * Mentioned in YAPC 2004 Presentation: "Writing web applications with perl ..."
    L<http://www.beamartyr.net/YAPC-2004/text25.html>

=item * Phatmotorsports.com uses Business::Shipping for shipping cost 
    calculation. 

=back

=head1 WEBSITE

L<http://www.kavod.com/Business-Shipping>

The website carries the most recent version, as well as instructions for
accessing the anonymous CVS repository. 

L<http://sf.net/projects/shipping>

Sourceforge.net provides hosting for the project.

=head1 BUGS

See the TODO file for a comprehensive list.

=over 4

=item * USPS and no internet connection.

You will get the following error when there is no connection to the internet 
when using Online::USPS:

 Business::Shipping::USPS_Online::RateRequest::_handle_response: ()
 File does not exist:  at .../USPS_Online/RateRequest.pm ...

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Dan Browning E<lt>F<db@kavod.com>E<gt>, Kavod Technologies, L<http://www.kavod.com>.

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

Copyright (c) 2003-2004 Kavod Technologies, Dan Browning. All rights reserved.
This program is free software; you may redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as Perl itself. See LICENSE for more info.

=head1 CREDITS

See CREDITS file. 

=cut
